\section{Processing} \label{sec:proc}

As always the goal is to generate a fully self-consistent data release for the scientists to publish papers on.

Mini runs will be done prior to the final production run prior to the pipelines freeze \jira{PREOPS-1666}.


Who is piloting the DP1 campaign ? PFC ?


\subsubsection {Policy committee} \label{sec:policy}

There are certain decisions which will need to be made are best handled in a smaller forum than the full leadership team.
As fopr previous DPs this may include:

\begin{itemize}
\item Campaign polices
\item Version of pipelines to use and patches which are needed
\item Version of QA tooling which needs to run (and where/how to run it)
\item Other operational considerations
\end{itemize}

Such decisions will be endorsed by DMLT but advised by a smaller committee more connected to the issues.
The members will be the following (or their delegated representative):

\begin{itemize}
\item Hsin-Fang Chiang
\item Tim Jenness
\item Yusra AlSayyad
\item Colin Slater
\end{itemize}


\subsubsection {Science pipelines release} \label{sec:release}
We have milestone \jira{PREOPS-1666} for the pipeline freeze.
We can estimate already that this will be V25 of the pipelines and will be driven by the DP1 needs - not on a fixed date.

\subsubsection {High level workflow of workflows}
Anything to say about this here ?

